Update SlicerAndPrintStart.md and add sensorless writeup to tuning (#418)
VoronDesign/Voron-Documentation: community/howto/EricZimmerman/BackupConfigToGithub.md

    ![chmod complete](images/backup/chmodDone.png)

> 9. The script will also copy your orint statistics and history each time thr backup is made. This data is kept in a sqlite database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. The script will also copy your print statistics and history each time the backup is made. This data is kept in a sqlite database
```
